Add default santizer config (#43271)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/html_sanitizer_api/index.md

But if the element is already present then the method would return `false`.
Note that if you call the same method to set a per-element attribute, this will return `false` if called on a remove sanitizer, because the change cannot be made.

#### Default Sanitizer configuration

> The default Sanitizer configuration defines the {{domxref("Sanitizer")}} that is used if you call {{domxref("Element.setHTML()")}} or the other [safe sanitization methods](/en-US/docs/Web/API/HTML_Sanitizer_API#sanitization_methods) without a custom sanitizer.

Reviewer: We should be consistent about the capitalization of "sanitizer" when it's not the name of the interface. I prefer lower-case, but the current pages are not consistent.

It is also the configuration that is returned by the [`Sanitizer()` constructor](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Sanitizer/Sanitizer) when no configuration is set.

> This sanitizes elements and attributes that are known to be XSS-unsafe, along with other elements and attributes that are considered problematic for other reasons.

Author: ```suggestion
This sanitizes elements and attributes that are known to be XSS-unsafe, along with others that might be be used in clickjacking, spoofing, or other attacks, if provided as user input.
```

It therefore provides a sanitizer with a minimal attack surface, which is still suitable for the majority of sanitization use cases.

Note that if you specify a custom sanitizer for a safe sanitization method, it will always be updated to ensure XSS-unsafe elements and event handler content attributes are sanitized.

> However, it will not be updated to remove the additional "problematic" elements that aren't allowed by the default configuration.

Author: @wbamberg 
- Yes, all correct. Yes, this captures the way it works more clearly. I have added item "3" to include comments and `data-*` attributes and I will accept.
- I used the term problematic mostly because that is what the spec used. Potentially dangerous is just as good or better. I suspect problematic conveys that it is an opinionated list that includes some elements that the spec authors just don't like.
- ... but line 204 refers to "XSS-unsafe elements and event handler content attributes". Yes, I think that this is JUST the content handler attributes - but I will check again when I propagate this structure to the main default sanitizer doc.
